	     COLLECT: the Concurrent Collection Verifier

COLLECT is a tool for verifying concurrent collections.

A concurrent collection implements a standard collection interface,
such as set, queue, stack, or priority queue, and can be safely
accessed by multiple threads simultaneously.

COLLECT uses model checking techniques to verify a concurrent
collection implementation within a small scope.  It is built on top of
the CIVL Model Checker (https://civl.dev).  Given a concurrent
collection implemented in the CIVL-C language, and parameters that
specify small bounds on the number of threads, number of method calls,
and other parameters, COLLECT explores the reachable states of the
program.  It is able to check standard consistency properties within
these bounds, such as sequential consistency, linearizability, or
quiescent consistency.

More information is available at https://collect-verifier.org.


			     Installation

1. Get the latest CIVL distribution from here:

https://vsl.cis.udel.edu/lib/sw/civl/trunk/latest/release

Follow the instructions in the README file for "Binary Installation".
Once complete, you should be able to run CIVL by typing "civl" on the
command line.  You should also know where you put the CIVL JAR file on
your system.

2. Download and unpack collect.tgz if you have not already done so.
The root directory should be named collect and contain this README.

3. Create a configuration file.  Move into directory collect/config
and make a copy of config_default.mk called config.mk in that
directory.  Read the comments and edit config.mk as needed for your
system.

4. From the root directory (collect), type "make".  This should
compile the code and create the JAR file collect.jar, if that was not
already done.  It will also create the executable file bin/collect.

5. Put collect/bin in your PATH however you like: move it do a
directory in your PATH, or add collect/bin to your PATH, or create a
symlink to this file from a place in your PATH.  Test that it works by
typing "collect" from any direcctory; you should see usage information
for the tool.

6. Try collect on some examples.  Change into the directory
collect/examples, read the Makefile and try executing some of the
commands documented there.
